okay welcome back all right so here we
are again at chapter 16 verse 19 okay so
what I want you to see here is at the
bottom where it says Babylon came in
remembrance before God to give unto her
the cup of the wine of the fierceness of
his wrath why this ends the stage of
events of this judgment upon Babylon and
it's the second cup now let's look why
it is the second cup and what we're
going to do is we're going to go back
and say that chapter 18 gives us that
description of the coming down of the
World Trade Centers now check that for
yourself let's look here at verse 6 it
says reward her even as she rewarded you
and double unto her double according
tour works and the cup which she have
filled fill to her double now that is
the World Trade Centers the two towers
or the double towers and then even think
the name title New York New York now you
have to understand that it's also going
to be a double event so when it says
reward her even as she rewarded you and
double unto her we have double events
we've only seen the first event which is
the first cup now what the second cup is
we have to move all the way down to
verse 20 through 21 of chapter 18 of
Revelation and what we see here is this
rejoice over her thou heaven in the holy
apostles and prophets for God hath
avenged you on her verse 21 and a mighty
angel took up a stone like a great
millstone and cast it into the sea
saying
thus with violence shall that great city
Babylon be thrown down and shall be
found no more at all that's the second
cup that ends the judgment upon Babylon
and commercial Babylon in this past
world system all right now look the
mighty angel takes up a millstone and
throws it into the sea so if this is the
second cup first cup starts at New York
City second cup ends at New York City
this millstone is in the Atlantic Ocean
off the coast of New York City so that
is the second cup which signifies the
total destruction of this commercial
Babylonian system now let's look here a
little further at what this millstone is
and we're going to move all the way
backwards we're going to move to chapter
eight which is going to be describing
the trumpets now I want to tell you what
we're about to see and this is the first
trumpet the first trumpet remember we've
heard several months back now listen the
elites themselves most likely have
caused that trumpet noise but of course
the Bible has it fulfilled within its
words right here so regardless of who
has caused this the angels of the Lord
or the elites themselves the Bible has
recorded that it would happen and my
friends it's happened now listen to the
word phraseology the first angel sounded
and there followed followed means a time
duration well we've heard the first
trumpet a few months back several months
back now we can expect this event hail
and fire mingled with blood and they
were cast upon the earth when it says
hail and fire mingled with blood cast
upon the earth we know that there's
going to be multiple events is this that
verse that says in the nation's fell and
the cities and the nations of the world
fell is this those multiple events is
this mulch
a false-flag terror event right here
recorded that we are about to experience
right after this first trumpet and it
says and there followed so we've
experienced the time duration hail fire
mingled with blood we're talking the
blood of the saints and they were cast
upon the earth and our third part of the
trees were burnt up and all the green
grass was burnt up this is that terror
false flag event that is upon us right
now we've had the first trumpet what we
can expect after that is that millstone
and it's described here as a great
mountain burning with fire was cast into
the sea now remember we just saw the
millstone cast into the sea